# dubcon
Me and my brother were watching some series on Netflix, but were unable to watch some content because it was  not available in English. That's when we realised the inconvenience of watching series with audio in some  other language and simultaneously reading the subtitles in English. So BAMM!! that's when the idea struck us, hence the dubcon.  What Dubcon does? Dubcon is the webapp which takes videos present in the other language and english subtitles for the same video. It then returns the video with English audio.  Why the need of Dubcon? In our daily browsing we come across many videos which are not originally present in the language we understand. This gap prevents us from enjoying the digital content. With dubcon we are trying to take a huge step to reduce the gap.In today's world,their is the huge process of releasing same video in multiple languages(dubbing) costing considerable amount to the film makers. With Dubcon we are trying to reduce the steps and cost required for dubbing.  How? It is required to have audio,video and subtitle file in sync. Subtitle should be in english language only,it  doesn't matter what type of audio language it is in. Then the given subs gets converted to audio with the help of text to speech and the timings of the audio are matched so as to fit the given portions of video ,so that their is no delay or time error in audio and video sync time. Then the output file gets downloaded to users desktop after it is converted.  Future scope: --> Their will be multilanguage support for the webapp i.e you can convert from any language to any language of     your choice. --> Further optimization will be done to reduce the processing time of the conversion process. --> Audio processing will take place which will try to match the frequency and pitch of the given audio     so that the converted files looks more realistic without loosing original speakers attributes. --> This will be converted as a video player which will be an integrated function of convertion of one language     to another. --> security of the webpage will be improved(this one is just the prototype). --> Further we will try to remove constraints like need of subtitles and audio and video sync. --> Improved UI,functionality and ML based audio translator in future updates.  AIM: people should be able to enjoy any content at any language they feel like.  
you have to download ffmpeg(exe) in the folder for execution  
